Alrighty, so let's take a quick look
at our development process.
So in this video,
we're going to focus on steps one and two
of creating the Angular project
and creating the Angular component for the product-list.
All right, let's go ahead and move in here and get started.
So I'd like to kind of swing over to my file system
and move into this eCommerce project directory.
I like to create a new directory here for O3 front end.
And then what I'll do is I'll simply drag and drop
the O3 front end to my visual studio code application
and it'll automatically open that folder
and make it available in the IDE.
Nice little trick there for you.
Alrighty, so I'll go ahead and open up
a new terminal window here.
Just expand my window here real quick.
And I should be in the O3 front end directory, looks good.
So now I'll go ahead and crate the Angular project.
I'll use ng new angular eCommerce.
They'll ask me if I want to add angular routing,
for now we can say no,
we can always add it later.
And then I'll accept the default for CSS style sheets.
Alrighty, so it's creating our project.
I'll speed the video up to make this go a bit faster.
And remember, you can safely ignore the warning messages.
Okay great, so once everything is done
our project has successfully created
so we're good to go there.
And we can simply move into
that directory for angular eCommerce.
And if I swing back over and look at my project structure
over on the left hand side,
we'll see that we have this angular eCommerce directory
and all of those angular project files that were created.
All right so that part looks good.
So one thing I'd like to do is add Bootstrap support
to this project so let's go ahead
and move to that getboostrap.com website.
Click on the get started section.
And we'll simply scroll down
and copy paste some code from the starter template.
We'll just highlight this little snippet of code
like we did before.
We'll simply copy it.
And then we'll edit our index.html file.
And then we'll drop this in right here after line four.
And then we'll also delete the entry on line 13.
All right, so that's good.
So we have the basic Bootstrap support
added to this project.
All right so let's go ahead and edit our
app component.html file.
Let me expand the window here.
And so remember this file has all this template code.
Let's go ahead and delete everything in this file
'cause we don't need it.
And we'll add a very simple entry here for our application.
We'll create a very basic Bootstrap container
and we'll simply set up heading one for products.
And now let me test it out real quick
so just hit my terminal window here,
go ahead and start the server.
Okay, it's up and running and there's products.
So that's good,
so we have the basics in place
and we have the Bootstrap styling set up
so we're good so far, we're just getting started.
All right, so now let's go ahead to step two
of creating the angular component for the product-list.
So down in my terminal window
I'll just hit Control + C real quick.
And I'll use the angular CLI to create a new component.
So I'll just use that ng generate component
and I'll say components/products-list.
Okay great, so our component's created.
We can view those new files here on the left hand side.
So this in the components subdirectory.
And there's our product-list
and all of the associated angular files for this.
So let's go ahead and open up product-list component.ts.
Let's just copy the selector for this component
and then let's move back to our app component.html
and let's make use of this selector.
So we just simply get app product list.
And now down in our terminal,
let's just run our app one more time.
And then we should see product-list works.
Great, so we have our main application up and running
and now we've also plugged in our new component
that we just created.
So we're just putting things together
piece by piece right now.
But this looks really good.